
                +------------------------------+
                |  IMPORTANT!  PLEASE READ ME! |
                +------------------------------+

This file exists to explain some things you need to know about using
the Geany project files in this folder. These files are slightly 
different to normal Geany project files - this is required to allow 
the folder to be moved or copied to a new location and still be usable. 
It also allows multiple projects to be put in the same folder, and so 
also serves as a demonstration of some Catalina-specific Geany changes.

This file is opened automatically by all the projects in this folder,
but once you are familiar with its contents, you can simply close it
and it will not re-open next time you open that particular project.

The first thing to note is that since this is a TEXT File and not a C
file, while THIS file is the current file the Catalina commands that
are usually on the Build menu will not appear. They only appear when a
C file is the current file, so make sure a file with a '.c' extension
is selected before attempting to use the Build menu (or the Compile or
Build toolbar buttons).

The next thing to note is that because there are multiple program files 
in this directory, you cannot (in general) use the 'Link All' Build
command, because it will try to link together all compiled C files in
the folder, and if there is more than one it will result in errors like 
the C main function being redefined. To build the projects in this 
folder, use either the 'Build File' command (which builds only the 
CURRENT file - and all the projects in this folder consist of only a 
single file) or use the 'Make' command (which builds only the CURRENT 
project - and the Makefile in this folder knows how to build all the 
projects in the folder). Being able to pass the project to be built
to the Makefile is a Catalina-specific extenstion to normal Geany.

The final thing to note is that the Base Directory (accessible via the 
Project->Properties menu item) is specified in all the projects as './' 
instead of a specific directory. This is what makes the project files
in this folder independent of where the folder itself lives, and this
is another Catalina-specific change to normal Geany.
