
Ada Terminal Emulator - Summary
-------------------------------

The Ada Terminal Emulator package provides a set of terminal emulation 
capabilities, implemented in Ada 2012, to run under Windows. 

All source code for the terminal emulator is provided under the GNU General 
Public License. The package was developed using GNAT and GWindows. 

In addition to providing simple "dumb" terminal emulation, the package 
provides full emulation of DEC VT52/VT100/VT102 compatible terminals, 
including double height and double width characters, smooth scrolling, 
special graphics, display controls and national replacement character sets. 
The emulator also implements a substantial subset of VT220/VT320/VT420, 
ANSI.SYS and ISO 6429 capabilities.

The package is available at: https://ada-terminal-emulator.sourceforge.io/

The package consists of the following main components:

Terminal_Emulator: 
------------------
An Ada package that provides facilities for creating, configuring and 
interacting with terminal windows from an Ada program. Multiple terminal 
windows can be created from the same program. Each window implements a 
completely independent terminal emulator. Each can be separately configured 
as a simple "dumb" terminal, or emulate full DEC VTxxx capabilities. 

Major features:

Character attributes include italic, bold, underline, strikeout, reversed, 
and flashing, as well as foreground and background color, using any windows 
font (not just fixed pitch fonts).

Line attributes include double width and double height characters.

Support for Windows character sets; DEC special graphic character sets; 
DEC multinational character sets; DEC national replacement character sets 
and DEC display controls character sets (displays control codes as
characters).

Support for DEC VTxxx control sequences, ISO 6429 control sequences and 
ANSI.SYS control sequences. Support for 7 or 8 bit control sequences.

Support for DEC user-definable function keys, numeric and application and 
editing keypads, and language-specific keyboards.

Separately sizable virtual buffer, screen, view, and scrolling region:
- Virtual buffer sizes up to 32,767 rows (lines) by 1024 columns (characters).
- Screen sizes up to 32,727 rows (lines) by 1024 columns (characters).
- View sizes up to the lesser of the screen size and the display capacity.
- Rectangular scrolling regions of any size up to the screen size.

Support for smooth (soft) scrolling of the screen or scrolling region.

Support for separate cursors, character attributes and screen colors for 
input and output operations

Mouse support - select text by character, word, line or rectangular region. 
Copy and paste between terminal windows and other Windows applications. 
Resize the screen, the view, or the font size using the mouse. 

File support - load and save virtual buffer to/from text files.

Printer support - printer setup, page setup, print current selection, print 
entire buffer.

Term_IO: 
--------
An Ada package that can be used as a complete and transparent replacement 
for the standard Ada text-handling package Text_IO. In addition to supporting 
all the normal file handling capabilities of Text_IO, Term_IO replaces the 
default files (i.e. standard input, standard output and standard error) with 
one or more terminal windows. It also allows the creation and manipulation of 
user-defined terminal windows using only Text_IO syntax. Each terminal window 
can be configured to either strictly implement the semantics of Text_IO as 
defined in the Ada 95 Language Reference Manual (LRM), or to implement relaxed
semantics that allow the user to take advantage of the terminal capabilities 
in a more intuitive manner.

Redirect: 
---------
A stand-alone program that allows existing text based application (including 
non-Ada applications) to have their standard I/O (i.e. standard input, standard
output and standard error) redirected through a terminal window - without 
recompiling or relinking. Redirect supports all the features of the 
Terminal_Emulator, and adds line editing, command and filename completion and 
command history. It can be used to create a sophisticated window-based command 
line interpreter with only a few dozen lines of programming. A complete Ada
example is included.

Comms: 
---------
A stand-alone program that allows the use of a communications port as input 
and output to a terminal window. This enables a PC to be used as a serial
terminal. Multiple instances of comms can be started on different serial 
ports. Comms supports all the features of the Terminal_Emulator.


